
# Towards advanced Unit 6

https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/course/towards-advanced/unit-5

* If I had taken programming at school, I'd have a job at Google now.

* If I were smarter, I'd have gone to Oxford University.

* If I weren't going on holiday next week, I could have attended the job interview.

* It would be quite an upset if the favourite didn't win.

* The central bank has pulled off one of the biggest financial rescues of recent years.

* Egged on by his top aides, he was determined to win.

* Pandemonium reigned in the hall as the unbelievable election results were read out.

* Macaque monkeys raid crop fields and feed on grains and vegetables.

* Russia's medal tally was disappointing in Rio after many of its atheletes were prevented from competing due to doping scandal.

* Amanda was caught cheating in her exams. The teacher gave her a low mark and told her to study or be excluded from school!

* I used to hate the thought of living in London, but I think I'm coming round to the idea - it's not such a bad place!

* In a roundabout way, he told me that he didn't want to go out with me anymore.

* I can't wait until my kids go back to school - they are driving me around the bend.

* I'm going round to my mum's a bit later, so I'll ask if she's got any eggs we can borrow.

* It's been such a perfect day - let's have a barbecue to round it off.

* Don't worry, you're safe. We've arranged police protection round the clock.

* The shoe is on the wrong foot.
