# Towards advanced Unit 5

https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/course/towards-advanced/unit-5

* You're watching this video to get better at speaking English.

* I make these videos for you to get better at English.

* The government has raised taxes so as to fund the NHS.

* He paid the fine in order not to go to prison.

* I want a house to live in.

* He's been a trade activist for many years.

* The prisoners have gone on a hunger strike to protest about prison conditions.

* They organized a fast to draw attention to the issue of hunger.

* I think you have to have an iron will to make some of these decisions.

* I bought a new watch in France. It's very stylish.

* Mary is bad at sums so I was wondering how on earth she managed to get high marks in the maths test.

* Any changes made to the schedule will be logged on the computer.

* After two months of hard work, the artist was proud to see his masterpiece unveiled to the public.

* Lin's cake stood out in the competition; it's obvious that she's a professional baker.

* The school rugby team doesn't stand a change this year; they've lost all their best players.

* I stood up for you when everyone said you were having an affair and now I find out that you lied to me!

* I stand to lose thousands if the pound falls any further.

* I can't stand people who drop litter on beaches. Why can't they just take their rubbish home?

* Mr Hughs says he won't stand for any more of our nonsense. He says we'll get a detention next time we misbehave.

* a piece of cake
