# Towards advanced Unit 9

https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/course/towards-advanced/unit-9

* I've stopped buying coffee - it's too expensive.

* I stopped to buy a coffee on the way into work this morning.

* I regret telling you I was going to enter that singing competition.

* we regret to inform you that your application has not been successful.

* She went on talking about verbs for hours - she didn't stop.

* After finishing his novel, he went on to direct a couple of plays.

* I still remember being nervous on my first day of school.

* I forgot to bring my lunch today.

* She fled from the room in tears.

* Some 50 tons of rock are taken from the quarry every day.

* The City of London is the hub of the UK's financial world.

* A national day of mourning was held in Italy on Saturday in remembrance of the victims of the earthquake.

* The Galapagos Islands are well known for their marine reserve. It houses some very unusual species.

* Venus takes about 225 days to orbit the Sun. It's closer to the star than our planet.

* I can't believe you've broken your promise again. You said you would stay at home tonight and look after the kids and now you're going to a party.

* I can't watch the news anymore. It really breaks my heart when I see all the terrible things that are happening in the world.

* I felt really bad when I broke up with Mario; he just broke down and started crying.

* I'm dreading going into work today - I have to break the news to Natalia that we don't have any more work for her.

* I can't believe it. Some broke into my house last night and stole all my paintings.

* I prefer boiled potatoes.





